#summary This page gives an overview of the project.

= Introduction =

This MIDI controller design features 4 velocity sensitive pads as well as 4 one-shot sample buttons and a button for changing the note values of the velocity sensitive pads (i.e. there are 2 note banks). This design is based on the Arduino Mega 2560 Microcontroller. The goal of this project was to create a new tool for real time music creation.


= Design =

This controller's design was relatively simple in order to allow MIDI messages to be sent without considerable delay. This was done in because for real-time music creation, lag becomes quite noticeable. This design relies on  

Figures 1 and 2 display to basic circuits utilized for the voltage sensing over Force Sensitive Resistors and the Push Button Logic High/Low circuits respectively. These types of circuits were used for all 4 FSR pads (pins A0-A3) and for the 5 pushbuttons (Interrupt pins 0-4, on the Mega these are pins 2,3,21,20 and 19). 
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

= Parts List =

The parts used in this project are tabulated as follows:
  * Arduino Mega
  * 4 Force Sensitive Resistors - Square
  * 2 1kΩ resistor ICs (8 pin)
  * 330 Ω resistor
  * 5 Arcade Style Push Buttons
  * Female MIDI Jack
  * Lots of Wire
  * Wooden box
  * Mouse Pad (tapping surface)

= Construction =

Construction of this apparatus
= Code =

The code for this project and all developmental versions can be found in the 'Source' section of this website.

= Results =